[IMP] Field Service: Correction on Itinerary doc (#10186)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/field_service/planning_itinerary.rst

==================================

.. important::

>    For a field service task to be featured on the map, the customer's profile needs to feature a
>    **valid address**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For a field service task to be featured on the map, a **valid address* must be provided for the customer.
```
to avoid repeating "feature" twice :wink:
